So let's practice using Amazon EventBridge.
And for this we're going to go into the EventBridge console,
and then you have lots of options.
But for now, we're just going to create an EventBridge rule.
So let's create this rule, and the rule name is
going to be called InvokeLambdaEveryHour.
Now, if you click on schedule
you will see that there is a new capability
of EventBridge called EventBridge Scheduler.
And this is what we're going to use to
create this Lambda function scheduler.
So we're going to go into another console
and this is a new thing.
So it's called InvokeLambdaEveryHour.
And then it's a one time schedule
it's a recurring schedule, excuse me,
and then it's going to be a rate based
and we can say that we want every one hour to
have our Lambda function being invoked.
Okay?
Then we can specify more options about
the timing that we want to.
Flexible time we say of,
so that's we, happen to execute it exactly
every one hour.
Target API could be different targets.
In this case we're going to use AWS Lambda,
and then we need to select Lambda function.
So I'll just choose my demo Lambda, that's it
and then click on next.
And then whether or not we want to enable the schedule
and retry in case of errors,
we'll just leave everything as the default.
Then a role is created for me automatically.
I click on next, and then I create this schedule.
So by creating this schedule, we're having actually
something called EventBridge scheduler to run a schedule
and invoke our Lamda function.
This used to be something that was part
of EventBridge rules, but now has been separated.
Even though if you wanted to,
you could create a rule,
choose a schedule, and then instead
of clicking here continue in EventBridge schedule
you could just click on continue to create rule,
And there you go.
But it's not the recommended way.
So I'll just show you the better way,
with EventBridge scheduler.
So here with EventBridge scheduler
my schedule is now created,
and this is going to invoke my Lamda function
every one hour.
So it's quite nice.
But what if you wanted it to react
to events happening within your accounts in EventBridge?
So again, back into rules, we're going to create a rule.
So let's call this rule, send notification for login,
and we'll make sure this rule is triggered whenever
someone does a login into AWS.
So we'll use a rule with an event pattern and click on next
and then we'll use AWS events in it.
And then amongst the events of AWS,
we need to filter them.
So let's have a look at the event source.
So we scroll down, sorry,
and then we'll need to find a service.
And then we'll just type in console
to find the AWS Console Sign-in.
And then the event type will be Sign-in events.
So any user that signs in
through the console will trigger this events
pattern, which is amazing.
And then for the targets,
we can, for example send this into an SNS topic.
For example, my demo-ccp topic
And this will ensure that events are sent,
as SNS notifications whenever someone logs in.
So next, next, and then create rule and we're good to go.
So now anyone, someone logs into your account
you'll receive an SNS notification and email.
One last I can do,
for example is EC2InstanceTerminateNotifications.
So say you wanted to be notified anytime,
and this two instance was terminated for whatever reason.
So again, we'll use a rule
with an event pattern,
and then we'll use every services
and then we'll use the EC2 service,
And then we'll have a look
at the EC2 instance State-change notification.
And then what state do we want to change to?
So here we're can apply a filter and say,
Hey, I want to apply to specific states,
the state being terminated.
So whenever an instance goes to a terminated states
then this rule will apply
and here will apply to any instance.
So you can see EventBridge is very powerful,
and the event patterns can be quite complicated.
So next, what do we want to invoke?
For example, we can invoke, again, SNS topic
and send a message into the demo CCP topic.
So we have one more rule, and now you start to get an idea
around the power of EventBridge.
So we created three rules.
Now before we heads up MDs, hands on
you need to disable them, for example
or you need to just delete them, whatever you prefer.
And lastly, as you can see
there can be different event bus,
as I told you, I'm not going to go
into it because it's two events for this CCP level.
But you can send your own events into EventBridge
or you can have partners
of AWS send events into EventBridge as well
for you to react to them in real time.
So that's it for this lecture,
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.